feat: add APIs to easily test the Pino logger (#1)
pinojs/pino-test: README.md

# pino-test

> A set of API to easily test the Pino logger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provides a set of utilities for verifying logs generated by the Pino logger.
```

## Getting started
```sh
npm install pino-test --save-dev
```

```js
const test = require('node:test')
const pino = require('pino')
const pinoTest = require('pino-test')

test('pino should log a info message', async () => {
  const stream = pinoTest.sink()
  const logger = pino(stream)

  logger.info('hello world')

  const expected = { msg: 'hello world', level: 30 }
  await pinoTest.once(stream, expected)
})
```

Using tap
```js
const pino = require('pino')
const pinoTest = require('pino-test')

test('pino should log a info message on tap', async () => {
  const stream = pinoTest.sink()
  const logger = pino(stream)

  logger.info('hello world')

  const expected = { msg: 'hello world', level: 30 }
  await pinoTest.once(stream, expected)
})

// with a own assert function
test('pino should log a info message using a own assert function', async ({ same }) => {
  const stream = pinoTest.sink()
  const logger = pino(stream)

  logger.info('hello world')

  const expected = { msg: 'hello world', level: 30 }
  await pinoTest.once(stream, expected, same)
})

> ```

Reviewer: The only difference between this example and the `node:test` example is the including of a second test that utilizes a custom assertion function. I think we can move that example into the `node:test` block and completely remove the `tap` example as it is redundant.

Using jest

```js
const pino = require('pino')
const pinoTest = require('pino-test')

test('pino should log a info message on jest', async () => {
  const stream = pinoTest.sink()
  const logger = pino(stream)

  logger.info('hello world')
  logger.info('hi world')

  const expected = [
    { msg: 'hello world', level: 30 },
    { msg: 'hi world', level: 30 }
  ]
  await pinoTest.consecutive(stream, expected)
})

// with a own assert function
function is (received, expected, msg) {
  expect(received).toStrictEqual(expected)
}

test('pino should log a info message using a own assert function on jest', async () => {
  const stream = pinoTest.sink()
  const logger = pino(stream)

  logger.info('hello world')
  logger.info('hi world')

  const expected = [
    { msg: 'hello world', level: 30 },
    { msg: 'hi world', level: 30 }
  ]
  await pinoTest.consecutive(stream, expected, is)
})

> ```

Reviewer: This whole block is redundant. It doesn't seem to show anything unique about using `jest` over `tap` or `node:test`.
